[IMP] Misc: 15.0 email templates / FAQ update (#4229)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/email_communication/faq.rst

email queue can be accessed by going to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Technical menu --> Email
--> Emails`. Unsent emails appear in turquoise, while sent emails appear in grey.

Common error messages
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _email_communication/daily_limit_mail:

Daily limit reached
*******************

.. image:: faq/email-limit.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Warning in Odoo upon email limit reached.

Each email service provider has its own email sending limits. The limits may be daily, hourly, and
sometimes, per minute. This is the same for Odoo, which limits a customer's sending to prevent
Odoo's email servers from being blacklisted.

Here are the default limits for new databases:

- 200 emails/day for Odoo Online and Odoo.sh databases with an active subscription,
- 20 emails/day for one-app free databases,
- 50 emails/day for trial databases,
- In the case of migration, your daily limit might be reset to 50 emails a day.

  - How many users are in the database?
  - Which apps are installed?
  - The bounce rate: the percentage of email addresses that did not receive emails because they were

>     returned by a mail server on its way to the final recipient.

Author: Thanks for catching this, much appreciated.

- Use an external outgoing email server to be independent of Odoo's mail limit (refer to the
  corresponding :doc:`email documentation
  </applications/general/email_communication/email_servers>`).
- Wait until 11 PM (UTC) for the reset, and click on the retry button. In :ref:`developer mode
  <developer-mode>`, go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Technical menu --> Email --> Emails`,
  then click the :guilabel:`Retry` button next to an unsent email.

.. warning::
   The daily email limit is comprehensive to the database. By default, an internal message, a
   notification, a note, etc. counts as an email in the daily limit if it notifies someone via
   email. This can be mitigated by receiving :ref:`notifications in Odoo
   <discuss_app/notification_preferences>`, instead of emails.

SMTP error
**********

Simple Mail Transport Protocol (SMTP) error messages explain why an email wasn't transmitted
successfully. :abbr:`SMTP (Simple Mail Transport Protocol)` is a protocol to describe the email
structure, and transmits data from messages over the Internet. The error messages generated by email

> services are helpful tools to diagnose and troubleshoot email problems.

Author: These are unique to the service, there are general errors but it is up to each provider to make the error.

> services are helpful tools to diagnose and troubleshoot email problems.

Reviewer: Great, I think it might be helpful to add that as a quick sentence to the end of this paragraph, but it's already kind of implied by the last sentence, so maybe it's not necessary :)

is the sending email client, who tries to contact a database, that will get a bounce-back (most of
the time a :guilabel:`550: mailbox unavailable` error message).

Email is not received
---------------------

The following steps are all dependent on the Odoo platform the database is using:

- **Odoo.sh** users can find their live logs on the folder :file:`~/logs/`.

.. tip::
   Logs are a stored collection of all the tasks completed in a database. They are a text only
   representation, complete with timestamps of every action taken on the Odoo database.

.. tip::
   The folder :file:`~/logs/` (accessed by the command line or on the Odoo.sh dashboard) of an
   Odoo.sh database contains a list of files containing the logs of the database. The log files are
   created everyday at 5:00 AM (UTC).

   The two most recent days (today and yesterday) are not compressed, while the older ones are, in
   order to save space. The naming of the files for today and yesterday are respectively:
   :file:`odoo.log` and :file:`odoo.log.1`.

   For the following days, they are named with their dates, and then compressed. Use the command

>    :command:`grep` and :command:`zgrep` (for the compressed ones) to search through the files.

Author: I've added in clarification.

   .. seealso::
      For more information on logs and how to access them via the Odoo.sh dashboard see :ref:`this
      administration documentation <odoosh/logs>`.

      For more information on accessing logs via the command line visit :ref:`this developer
      documentation <reference/cmdline/server/logging>`.

- **Odoo Online** users won't have access to the logs. However `Odoo Support
  <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_ can be contacted if there is a recurring issue with the same client
  or domain.

Get help from Odoo support
==========================

In order to get helped efficiently, please provide as much information as possible. Here is a list
of what can be helpful when reaching out to the Odoo Support team about an issue:

#. Send a copy of the email headers. The `.EML` file (or **headers**) of the email is the file
   format containing all the technical information required for an investigation. The documentation

>    from the email provider might explain the process on how to get EML file/header files. Once the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   from the email provider might explain how to access the EML file/header files. Once the
```

   headers of the email are obtained, adding it into the Odoo Support ticket is the most efficient
   way for the Odoo Support team to investigate.

   .. seealso::
      - `Gmail documentation on headers
        <https://support.google.com/mail/answer/29436>`_
      - `Outlook documentation on headers
        <https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/view-internet-message-headers-in-outlook-cd039382-dc6e-4264-ac74-c048563d212c#tab=Web>`_

#. Explain the exact flow that is being followed to normally receive those emails in Odoo. Here are
   examples of questions whose answers can be useful:

>    - Is this simply a reply from an email going out from Odoo?

Author: I've clarified the questions.

   - Is there an incoming email server being used, or is the email somehow being redirected?
   - Is there an example of an email that has been correctly forwarded?

> #. Provide answers to the following questions:

Reviewer: For some reason in the HTML version, it looks like there should be another (blank) paragraph between this line and the previous line

Author: Adding this in doesn't make a difference, the lines are skipped.

   email. This can be mitigated by receiving :ref:`notifications in Odoo
   <discuss_app/notification_preferences>`, instead of emails.

SMTP error
**********

Simple Mail Transport Protocol (SMTP) error messages explain why an email wasn't transmitted
successfully. :abbr:`SMTP (Simple Mail Transport Protocol)` is a protocol to describe the email
structure, and transmits data from messages over the Internet. The error messages generated by email
services are helpful tools to diagnose and troubleshoot email problems.

.. example::
   This is an example of a 554 SMTP permanent delivery error: `554: delivery error: Sorry, your
   message to ------@yahoo.com cannot be delivered. This mailbox is disabled (554.30). -
   mta4471.mail.bf1.yahoo.com
   --- Below this line is a copy of the message.`

The debug menu can be used to investigate SMTP sending issues from a database. To access the menu,
:ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>` must be activated. Once activated, navigate to the
:menuselection:`Debug Menu` in the top right of the menu bar (the :guilabel:`🪲 (bug)` icon),
:menuselection:`Debug Menu --> Manage Messages`

> The :guilabel:`Manage Messages` menu opens a list of all the messages sent in a particular record

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Manage Messages` menu opens a list of all the messages sent in a particular record.
```

to interpret it correctly.

If this is a recurring problem with the same client, or the same domain, do not hesitate to contact
`Odoo Support <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_ for help in finding a reason.

.. note::
   One of the most common reasons for an email failing to send with no error message is related to
   :ref:`SPF <email_communication/spf_compliant>` and/or :ref:`DKIM
   <email_communication/DKIM_compliant>` configuration. Also, check to make sure the
   `mail.bounce.alias` is defined in the *system parameters*. Access system parameters in
   :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>` by navigating to :menuselection:`Settings app -->
   Technical menu --> Parameters --> System Parameters`.

Email is sent late
------------------

Email campaigns send at a scheduled time, using a delay pre-programed in the database. Odoo uses a
delayed task to send emails that are considered "not urgent" (newsletter formats, such as: mass
mailing, marketing automation, and events). The system utility **cron** can be used to schedule
programs to run automatically at predetermined intervals. Odoo uses that policy in order to avoid

> cluttering the mail servers and, instead, prioritizes the communication. This **cron** is called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cluttering the mail servers and, instead, prioritizes individual communication. This **cron** is called
```

:guilabel:`Mail: Email Queue Manager`, and can be accessed in :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`
by going to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Technical menu --> Automation --> Scheduled Actions`.

.. image:: faq/email-scheduled-later.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Email scheduled to be sent later.

.. tip::
   What is a **cron**? A cron is an action that Odoo runs in the background to execute particular
   code to complete a task.

.. important::
   By default, the *Mass Mailing cron* runs every 60 minutes. This can be changed to no less than 5
   minutes. However, running the action every 5 minutes would bog down the Odoo database (stress the

>    system), so this is not recommended. To edit the mass mailing cron, select the action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   system), so this is not recommended. To edit the mass mailing cron, select the scheduled action
```

   :guilabel:`Mail: Email Queue Manager`, and proceed to make any necessary adjustments.

Emails that are considered urgent (communication from one person to another, such as sales orders,
invoices, purchase orders, etc.) are sent immediately.

Incoming emails
===============

When there is an issue with incoming emails, there might not be an indication, per se, in Odoo. It
is the sending email client, who tries to contact a database, that will get a bounce-back message
(most of the time a :guilabel:`550: mailbox unavailable` error message).

Email is not received
---------------------

The steps that should be taken depend on the Odoo platform where the database is hosted.

**Odoo.sh** users can find their live logs on the folder :file:`~/logs/`.

> .. tip::

Reviewer: I really think that the first two paragraphs of this Tip should be normal text, not inside the Tip box

>    Logs are a stored collection of all the tasks completed in a database. They are a text only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Logs are a stored collection of all the tasks completed in a database. They are a text-only
```

   representation, complete with timestamps of every action taken on the Odoo database. This can be
   helpful to track emails leaving the database. Failure to send can also be seen by logs that
   indicate that the message tried to send repeatedly. Logs will show every action to the email
   servers from the database.

   The folder :file:`~/logs/` (accessed by the command line or on the Odoo.sh dashboard) of an
   Odoo.sh database contains a list of files containing the logs of the database. The log files are
   created everyday at 5:00 AM (UTC).

   The two most recent days (today and yesterday) are not compressed, while the older ones are, in
   order to save space. The naming of the files for today and yesterday are respectively:
   :file:`odoo.log` and :file:`odoo.log.1`.

   For the following days, they are named with their dates, and then compressed. Use the command
   :command:`grep` and :command:`zgrep` (for the compressed ones) to search through the files.

>    .. seealso::

Reviewer: This 'See also' box could definitely stand on its own instead of being inside the Tip box

   the Odoo Support team to investigate.

   .. seealso::
      - `Gmail documentation on headers
        <https://support.google.com/mail/answer/29436>`_
      - `Outlook documentation on headers
        <https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/view-internet-message-headers-in-outlook-cd039382-dc6e-4264-ac74-c048563d212c#tab=Web>`_

#. Explain the exact flow that is being followed to normally receive those emails in Odoo. Here are
   examples of questions whose answers can be useful:

   - Is this a notification message from an reply being received in Odoo?
   - Is this a message being sent from the Odoo database?
   - Is there an incoming email server being used, or is the email somehow being redirected?
   - Is there an example of an email that has been correctly forwarded?

#. Provide answers to the following questions:

   - Is it a generic issue, or is it specific to a use case? If specific to a use case, which one
     exactly?
   - Is it working as expected? In case the email is sent using Odoo, the bounce email should reach
     the Odoo database, and display the :ref:`red envelope <red_envelop>`.

> .. seealso::

Reviewer: This should be a Note instead of a 'See also'
```suggestion
.. note::
```

============
Email issues
============

This document contains an explanation of the most recurring emailing issues in Odoo.

Outgoing emails
===============

.. _red_envelop:

Email is not sent
-----------------

> The first indicator showing that an email has not been sent is the presence of a :guilabel:`red
> envelope`, next to the date and time of the message, located in the chatter.

Reviewer 2: This is optional, but since emojis are used later in the doc I'm suggesting it here. I would also add "_icon_" after the :guilabel: 
```suggestion
The first indicator showing that an email has not been sent is the presence of a red :guilabel:`✉️
(envelope)` icon, next to the date and time of the message, located in the chatter.
```

.. image:: faq/red-envelop.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Red envelope displayed in chatter.

Reviewer 2: Add "icon" descriptor
```suggestion
   :alt: Red envelope icon displayed in chatter.
```

  :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`, go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Technical menu -->
  Email --> Emails`, then click the :guilabel:`Retry` button next to an unsent email.

.. warning::
   The daily email limit is comprehensive to the database. By default, any internal message,
   notification, logged note, etc. counts as an email in the daily limit if it notifies someone via
   email. This can be mitigated by receiving :ref:`notifications in Odoo
   <discuss_app/notification_preferences>`, instead of emails.

SMTP error
**********

Simple Mail Transport Protocol (SMTP) error messages explain why an email wasn't transmitted
successfully. :abbr:`SMTP (Simple Mail Transport Protocol)` is a protocol to describe the email
structure, and transmits data from messages over the Internet. The error messages generated by email
services are helpful tools to diagnose and troubleshoot email problems.

.. example::
   This is an example of a 554 SMTP permanent delivery error: `554: delivery error: Sorry, your
   message to ------@yahoo.com cannot be delivered. This mailbox is disabled (554.30). -

>    mta4471.mail.bf1.yahoo.com
>    --- Below this line is a copy of the message.`

Reviewer 2: This can be on one line, unless you want the "--- Below this line..." to be on a new line, use the `|` line break markup
```suggestion
   mta4471.mail.bf1.yahoo.com --- Below this line is a copy of the message.`
```

The debug menu can be used to investigate SMTP sending issues from a database. To access the menu,
:ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>` must be activated. Once activated, navigate to the

> :menuselection:`Debug Menu` in the top right of the menu bar (the :guilabel:`🪲 (bug)` icon),

Reviewer 2: The 🪲 icon is too recent (2020), please use an [Emoji 1.0](https://emojipedia.org/emoji-1.0) for device compatibility 🙂
```suggestion
:menuselection:`Debug Menu` in the top right of the menu bar (the :guilabel:`🐞 (bug)` icon),
```

   What is a **cron**? A cron is an action that Odoo runs in the background to execute particular
   code to complete a task.

.. important::
   By default, the *Mass Mailing cron* runs every 60 minutes. This can be changed to no less than 5
   minutes. However, running the action every 5 minutes would bog down the Odoo database (stress the
   system), so this is not recommended. To edit the mass mailing cron, select the scheduled action
   :guilabel:`Mail: Email Queue Manager`, and proceed to make any necessary adjustments.

Emails that are considered urgent (communication from one person to another, such as sales orders,
invoices, purchase orders, etc.) are sent immediately.

Incoming emails
===============

When there is an issue with incoming emails, there might not be an indication, per se, in Odoo. It
is the sending email client, who tries to contact a database, that will get a bounce-back message
(most of the time a :guilabel:`550: mailbox unavailable` error message).

Email is not received
---------------------

The steps that should be taken depend on the Odoo platform where the database is hosted.

**Odoo.sh** users can find their live logs on the folder :file:`~/logs/`.

> 

Reviewer 2: Goodbye extra line 👋
```suggestion
```

.. seealso::
   For more information on logs and how to access them via the Odoo.sh dashboard, see :ref:`this
   administration documentation <odoosh/logs>`.

   For more information on accessing logs via the command line visit :ref:`this developer
   documentation <reference/cmdline/server/logging>`.

**Odoo Online** users won't have access to the logs. However `Odoo Support
<https://www.odoo.com/help>`_ can be contacted if there is a recurring issue with the same client or
domain.

Get help from Odoo support
==========================

In order to get helped efficiently, please provide as much information as possible. Here is a list
of what can be helpful when reaching out to the Odoo Support team about an issue:

#. Send a copy of the email headers. The `.EML` file (or **headers**) of the email is the file
   format containing all the technical information required for an investigation. The documentation
   from the email provider might explain how to access the EML file/header files. Once the headers
   of the email are obtained, adding it into the Odoo Support ticket is the most efficient way for
   the Odoo Support team to investigate.

   .. seealso::

>       - `Gmail documentation on headers
>         <https://support.google.com/mail/answer/29436>`_

Reviewer 2: Can be one line
```suggestion
      - `Gmail documentation on headers <https://support.google.com/mail/answer/29436>`_
```

      - `Outlook documentation on headers
        <https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/view-internet-message-headers-in-outlook-cd039382-dc6e-4264-ac74-c048563d212c#tab=Web>`_

#. Explain the exact flow that is being followed to normally receive those emails in Odoo. Here are
   examples of questions whose answers can be useful:

>    - Is this a notification message from an reply being received in Odoo?

Reviewer 2: I think "an" should be "a"?
```suggestion
   - Is this a notification message from a reply being received in Odoo?
```

=========
Email FAQ
=========

This document contains an explanation of the most recurring emailing issues in Odoo. Outgoing emails
(ex: the client has not received the email from the database) will be addressed first, and then,
incoming emails (ex: Responses have not been received from customers in the database).

Outgoing emails
===============

> 

Author: Added in thanks!

.. _red_envelop:

What to check if the email is not sent?
---------------------------------------

The first indicator showing that the email has not been sent is the red envelope next to the date
and time of the message in the chatter.

.. image:: faq/red-envelop.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Red envelope displayed in chatter.

Unsent emails will also appear in the Odoo email queue. In :ref:`Developer mode <developer-mode>`
this can be accessed by going to :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical Menu --> Emails --> Emails`.
Unsent emails will appear in turquoise; sent emails will appear in grey.

Common error messages
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _email_communication/daily_limit_mail:

Reached the daily limit:
************************

.. image:: faq/email-limit.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Warning in Odoo upon email limit reached.

Each email service provider has its own email sending limits. The limits may be daily, hourly,
and sometimes even per minute. This is the same for Odoo, which limits a customer's sending to
prevent Odoo's e-mail servers from being blacklisted.

Here are the default limits for new databases:

> - 200 emails/day for Odoo Online and Odoo.sh databases with an active subscription,
> 
> - 50 emails/day for one-app free and trial databases,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- 200 emails/day for Odoo Online and Odoo.sh databases with an active subscription.

- 50 emails/day for one-app free and trial databases.
```
replaced commas with periods - unsure if the commas were necessary in this list-like format.

- In case of migration, the database daily limit might be reset to 50 emails a day.

> In case the limit is reached, the following actions can be taken:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the limit is reached, the following actions can be taken:
```

> - Ask Odoo's support team to increase the daily limit. The Support Team will analyze the situation
>   of the database depending on (non-exhaustive list):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Ask Odoo's support team to increase the daily limit. The Support Team analyzes the situation
  of the database depending on the following (non-exhaustive list):
```

  - How many users in the database,
  - Which apps are installed,
  - The bounce rate: the percentage of email addresses that did not receive emails because they were
    returned by a mail server on its way to the final recipient. Contact the `support
    <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_.

- Use a external outgoing email server to be independent of Odoo's mail limit (refer to :doc:`the
  corresponding documentation </applications/general/email_communication/email_servers>`),
- Wait until 11pm UTC for the reset and click on the retry button: The :ref:`Developer mode
  <developer-mode>` must be activated. Then, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical -->
  Emails`

.. warning::
   The daily limit is global to the database and can rise quickly! By default an internal message,
   a notification, a note, etc. counts as an email in the daily limit if it notifies someone.

> This can be mitigated by receiving :ref:`notifications in Odoo
> <discuss_app/notification_preferences>` instead of by emails.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This can be mitigated by receiving :ref:`notifications in Odoo
<discuss_app/notification_preferences>`, instead of emails.
```
cleaned up a bit, but please make sure that the meaning is still accurate with my suggested removal of the word "by"

Author: I've changed it to "by email". Thanks for cleaning up.

Author: Sounds better, thanks.

SMTP Error
**********

> It's easy to find out why an email wasn't transmitted successfully by reviewing the Simple Mail
> Transport Protocol (SMTP) error messages. :abbr:`SMTP (Simple Mail Transport Protocol)` is a
> protocol to describe the email structure and transmit it over the Internet. The error messages
> generated by email services are helpful tools to diagnose and troubleshoot email problems.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It's easy to find out why an email wasn't transmitted successfully, by reviewing the Simple Mail
Transport Protocol (SMTP) error messages. 

:abbr:`SMTP (Simple Mail Transport Protocol)` is a protocol to describe the email structure and
transmits it over the Internet. The error messages generated by email services are helpful tools to
diagnose and troubleshoot email problems.
```

No Error
********

Odoo is not always capable of providing information for the reason it failed. The different email
providers implement a personalized policy of the bounce emails and it is not always possible for
Odoo to interpret it correctly.

> If this a problem on a recurring basis with the same client or the same domain, do not hesitate to
> contact `Odoo Support <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_ for help in finding a reason.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If this a recurring problem with the same client, or the same domain, do not hesitate to
contact `Odoo Support <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_ for help in finding a reason.
```

.. note::
  In such case, one of the most common reasons is related to :ref:`SPF
  <email_communication/spf_compliant>` and/or :ref:`DKIM <email_communication/DKIM_compliant>`
  configuration.

Why is my email sent late?
**************************

It may happen that an email campaign is scheduled but it is not sent on time. We know that
Odoo uses a delayed job to send emails that are considered as not urgent (Newsletters concept

> such as mass mailing, marketing automation, events). The system utility **cron** can be used

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
such as: mass mailing, marketing automation, events). The system utility **cron** can be used
```

to schedule programs to run automatically at predetermined intervals. Odoo uses that policy in order
to avoid cluttering the mail servers and instead prioritizes the communication.

> The emails considered urgent (communication from one person to another one such as Sales Orders,
> Invoices, Purchase Orders, etc.) are sent directly (immediately).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Emails that are considered urgent (communication from one person to another, such as: Sales Orders,
Invoices, Purchase Orders, etc.) are sent directly (immediately).
```

.. image:: faq/email-scheduled-later.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Email scheduled to be sent later.

> By default, the Mass Mailing cron runs every 60 minutes. This can be changed to no less than 5
> minutes, but for the reasons mentioned above this isn't recommended. To access this setting go to:
> :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Automation --> Scheduled Actions`. The action name is
> `Mail: Email Queue Manager`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, the Mass Mailing cron runs every 60 minutes. This can be changed to no less than 5
minutes. But, for the reasons mentioned above, this isn't recommended. To access this setting go to:
:menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Automation --> Scheduled Actions`. 

Select the action name, `Mail: Email Queue Manager,` and proceed to make any necessary adjustments.
```
quick question - is the Mass Mailing cron worthy of capitalization? If so, no worries. But would an Italics-route be useful here? Not quite sure - totally your call. What do you think?

Author: I think it would work with italics. Thanks for pointing this out!

Incoming emails
===============

> When there is an issue with incoming emails, there might not be an indication per se in Odoo. It is
> the sending email client who tries to contact a database that will get a bounce-back (most of the
> time a `550: mailbox unavailable`).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When there is an issue with incoming emails, there might not be an indication, per se, in Odoo. It
is the sending email client, who tries to contact a database, that will get a bounce-back (most of
the time a `550: mailbox unavailable`).
```

Emails are not received
-----------------------

> Depending on the Odoo platform the database is using:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following steps are all dependent on the Odoo platform the database is using:
```

- **Odoo.sh** users can find their live logs on the folder :file:`~/logs/`.

.. tip::
  The folder :file:`~/logs/` (preferably accessed by the command line) of an Odoo.sh database
  contains a list of files containing the logs of the database. The log files are created everyday

>   at 5:00 AM UTC. The two last days are not compressed, while the older ones are, in order to gain
>   space. The naming of the files for Today and Yesterday are respectively: :file:`odoo.log` and
>   :file:`odoo.log.1`. For the following days, they are named with their dates and compressed. See
>   the Odoo.sh documentation about :ref:`logs <odoosh/logs>`. Use the command ``grep`` and ``zgrep``
>   (for the compressed ones) to search through the files.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  at 5:00 AM (UTC).
  
  The two last days are not compressed, while the older ones are, in order to gain
  space. The naming of the files for Today and Yesterday are respectively: :file:`odoo.log` and
  :file:`odoo.log.1`.
  
  For the following days, they are named with their dates, and then compressed. See
  the Odoo.sh documentation about :ref:`logs <odoosh/logs>`. Use the command ``grep`` and ``zgrep``
  (for the compressed ones) to search through the files.
```

- **Odoo Online** users won't have access to the logs. However `Odoo Support
  <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_ can still be contacted, if there is a recurring issue with the same
  client or domain.

Get help from support
---------------------

In order to get helped efficiently, please provide as much information as possible. Here is a list

> of what can be helpful:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
of what can be helpful when reaching out to support about an issue:
```

> of what can be helpful:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
of what can be helpful when reaching out to support about an issue:
```

> - The **EML** or **headers** of the email, is the file format containing all the technical
>   information required for an investigation. The documentation from the email provider might provide
>   the process on how to get EML/header files. Once the headers of the email are obtained, adding it
>   into the Odoo support ticket is the most efficient way for Odoo support to investigate.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The **EML** (or **headers**) of the email, is the file format containing all the technical
  information required for an investigation. The documentation from the email provider might provide
  the process on how to get EML/header files. Once the headers of the email are obtained, adding it
  into the Odoo support ticket is the most efficient way for the Odoo Support team to investigate.
```

  .. seealso::
     - `Gmail documentation
       <https://support.google.com/mail/answer/29436>`_
     - `Outlook documentation
       <https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/view-internet-message-headers-in-outlook-cd039382-dc6e-4264-ac74-c048563d212c#tab=Web>`_

- The exact flow that is being followed in order to normally receive those emails in Odoo. Here are
  examples of questions whose answers can be useful:

  - Is this simply a reply from an email going out from Odoo?

>   - Is there an incoming email server being used or is email somehow being redirected?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Is there an incoming email server being used, or is email somehow being redirected?
```

=========
Email FAQ
=========

This document contains an explanation of the most recurring emailing issues in Odoo. First, outgoing

> emails and then, incoming emails. Issues that will be covered regarding outgoing emails include the
> following: when an email isn't sent, common error messages such as hitting the daily email limit,
> :abbr:`SMTP (Simple Mail Transport Protocol)` Errors, unsent emails with no errors and when a
> message is sent late. For incoming messages issues that will be covered, they include when emails
> are not received and what to include when contacting Odoo support.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
emails. Then, incoming emails. 

Issues that will be covered regarding outgoing emails include the following: when an email isn't
sent, common error messages, such as: hitting the daily email limit, :abbr:`SMTP (Simple Mail
Transport Protocol)` Errors, unsent emails with no errors, and when a message is sent late.

For incoming message issues that will be covered include: when emails are not received, and what to
include when contacting Odoo support.
```

Outgoing emails
===============

.. _red_envelop:

> What to check if an email is not sent?
> --------------------------------------

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Email is not sent
-----------------
```

The first indicator showing that an email has not been sent is the presence of a *red envelope*,
next to the date and time of the message, located in the chatter.

.. image:: faq/red-envelop.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Red envelope displayed in chatter.

Unsent emails also appear in the Odoo email queue. In :ref:`Developer mode <developer-mode>` this

> can be accessed by going to :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical Menu --> Emails --> Emails`.

Reviewer 3: clarify which Settings to which you are referring, please

> Unsent emails appear in turquoise, while sent emails will appear in grey.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Unsent emails appear in turquoise, while sent emails appear in grey.
```

Common error messages
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _email_communication/daily_limit_mail:

> Reached the daily limit:
> ************************

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Daily limit reached
*******************
```

Odoo's email servers from being blacklisted.

Here are the default limits for new databases:

- 200 emails/day for Odoo Online and Odoo.sh databases with an active subscription.

- 50 emails/day for one-app free and trial databases.

- In case of migration, the database daily limit might be reset to 50 emails a day.

If the limit is reached, the following actions can be taken:

- Ask Odoo's support team to increase the daily limit. The Support Team analyzes the situation of
  the database depending on the following (non-exhaustive list):

  - How many users in the database.
  - Which apps are installed.
  - The bounce rate: the percentage of email addresses that did not receive emails because they were
    returned by a mail server on its way to the final recipient. Contact `support
    <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_.

- Use an external outgoing email server to be independent of Odoo's mail limit (refer to :doc:`the
  corresponding documentation </applications/general/email_communication/email_servers>`).

- Wait until 11 PM (UTC) for the reset, and click on the retry button: The :ref:`Developer mode

>   <developer-mode>` must be activated. Then, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical -->

Reviewer 3: please specify which Settings is being referred to here, as well. thanks!

  Emails`

.. warning::
   The daily limit is global to the database, and can rise quickly. By default, an internal message,
   a notification, a note, etc. counts as an email in the daily limit if it notifies someone.

This can be mitigated by receiving :ref:`notifications in Odoo
<discuss_app/notification_preferences>`, instead of emails.

SMTP Error
**********

It's easy to find out why an email wasn't transmitted successfully, by reviewing the Simple Mail
Transport Protocol (SMTP) error messages. :abbr:`SMTP (Simple Mail Transport Protocol)` is a
protocol to describe the email structure and transmits it over the Internet. The error messages
generated by email services are helpful tools to diagnose and troubleshoot email problems.

.. note::

>    The debug menu can be used to investigate sending issues from a database. To access the menu
>    :ref:`Developer mode <developer-mode>` must be activated. Then navigate to the :guilabel:`Debug
>    Menu` in the top right of the menu bar, :menuselection:`Debug menu --> Manage Messages`. The
>    :guilabel:`Manage Messages` menu will open up a list of all the messages sent in a particular
>    record. Within each message there is information on sending, including what type and subtype of
>    the message. Other information includes who the message was sent to and whether Odoo received a
>    bounce-back from an email server.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The debug menu can be used to investigate sending issues from a database. To access the menu,
   :ref:`Developer mode <developer-mode>` must be activated. Once activated, navigate to the
   :guilabel:`Debug Menu` in the top right of the menu bar, :menuselection:`Debug menu -->
   Manage Messages`.
   
   The :guilabel:`Manage Messages` menu opens a list of all the messages sent in a particular
   record. Within each message there is information on sending, including what type, and subtype, of
   the message.
   
   Other information includes to whom the message was sent, and whether Odoo received a bounce-back
   from an email server.
```

No Error
********

Odoo is not always capable of providing information for the reason it failed. The different email
providers implement a personalized policy of bounced emails, and it is not always possible for Odoo
to interpret it correctly.

If this a recurring problem with the same client, or the same domain, do not hesitate to contact
`Odoo Support <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_ for help in finding a reason.

.. note::
  In such case, one of the most common reasons is related to :ref:`SPF
  <email_communication/spf_compliant>` and/or :ref:`DKIM <email_communication/DKIM_compliant>`

>   configuration. Also check to make sure the `mail.bounce.alias` is defined in the *System

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  configuration. Also, check to make sure the `mail.bounce.alias` is defined in the *System
```

  Parameters*. Access *System Parameters* in :ref:`Developer mode <developer-mode>` by navigating to
  :menuselection:`Settings App --> Technical Menu --> Parameters --> System Parameters`.

> Why is an email sent late?
> **************************

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Email sent late
***************
```

It may happen that an email campaign is scheduled, but isn't sent on time. It's known that  Odoo
uses a delayed job to send emails that are considered as "not urgent" (Newsletters concept, such as:
mass mailing, marketing automation, events). The system utility **cron** can be used to schedule
programs to run automatically at predetermined intervals. Odoo uses that policy in order to avoid
cluttering the mail servers and, instead, prioritizes the communication. This **cron** is called

> `Mail: Email Queue Manager` and can be accessed in :ref:`Developer mode <developer-mode>` by going
> to :menuselection:`Settings App --> Technical Menu --> Automation --> Scheduled Actions`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`Mail: Email Queue Manager`, and can be accessed in :ref:`Developer mode <developer-mode>` by going
to :menuselection:`Settings App --> Technical Menu --> Automation --> Scheduled Actions`.
```

- **Odoo.sh** users can find their live logs on the folder :file:`~/logs/`.

.. tip::
  The folder :file:`~/logs/` (preferably accessed by the command line) of an Odoo.sh database
  contains a list of files containing the logs of the database. The log files are created everyday
  at 5:00 AM (UTC).

  The two last days are not compressed, while the older ones are, in order to gain space. The naming
  of the files for Today and Yesterday are respectively: :file:`odoo.log` and :file:`odoo.log.1`.

  For the following days, they are named with their dates, and then compressed. See the Odoo.sh
  documentation about :ref:`logs <odoosh/logs>`. Use the command ``grep`` and ``zgrep`` (for the
  compressed ones) to search through the files.

- **Odoo Online** users won't have access to the logs. However `Odoo Support
  <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_ can still be contacted, if there is a recurring issue with the same
  client or domain.

Get help from support
---------------------

In order to get helped efficiently, please provide as much information as possible. Here is a list
of what can be helpful when reaching out to support about an issue:

> The **EML** (or **headers**) of the email, is the file format containing all the technical

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The **EML** (or **headers**) of the email is the file format containing all the technical
```

information required for an investigation. The documentation from the email provider might provide
the process on how to get EML/header files. Once the headers of the email are obtained, adding it
into the Odoo support ticket is the most efficient way for the Odoo Support team to investigate.

  .. seealso::
     - `Gmail documentation
       <https://support.google.com/mail/answer/29436>`_
     - `Outlook documentation
       <https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/view-internet-message-headers-in-outlook-cd039382-dc6e-4264-ac74-c048563d212c#tab=Web>`_

The exact flow that is being followed in order to normally receive those emails in Odoo. Here are
examples of questions whose answers can be useful:

- Is this simply a reply from an email going out from Odoo?

> - Is there an incoming email server being used, or is email somehow being redirected?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Is there an incoming email server being used, or is the email somehow being redirected?
```

- Is there an example of an email that has been correctly forwarded?

Providing answers to the following questions:

- Is it a generic issue, or is it specific to a use case? If specific to a use case, which one
  exactly?
- Is it working as expected? In case the email is sent using Odoo, the bounce email should reach the

>   Odoo database and display the :ref:`red envelope <red_envelop>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Odoo database, and display the :ref:`red envelope <red_envelop>`.
```

    .. seealso::
       The bounce system parameter needs to be set in the technical settings in order for the
       database to correctly receive bounce messages. To access this setting go to:

>        :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Parameters --> System Parameters`. The parameter

Reviewer 3: please clarify which "Settings" is being referred to here, as well. Thanks! 👍

Author: Thanks for your review @ksc-odoo

=========
Email FAQ
=========

This document contains an explanation of the most recurring emailing issues in Odoo. First, outgoing
emails, and then, incoming emails.

Issues that will be covered regarding outgoing emails include the following: when an email isn't
sent, common error messages, such as: hitting the daily email limit, :abbr:`SMTP (Simple Mail
Transport Protocol)` errors, unsent emails with no errors, and when a message is sent late. For
incoming message issues that will be covered include: when emails are not received, and what to
include when contacting Odoo support.

Outgoing emails
===============

.. _red_envelop:

Email is not sent
-----------------

The first indicator showing that an email has not been sent is the presence of a :guilabel:`red
envelope`, next to the date and time of the message, located in the chatter.

.. image:: faq/red-envelop.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Red envelope displayed in chatter.

> Unsent emails also appear in the Odoo email queue. In :ref:`Developer mode <developer-mode>` this

Reviewer 2: I don't believe _developer mode_ needs capitalization
```suggestion
Unsent emails also appear in the Odoo email queue. In :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>` this
```

Here are the default limits for new databases:

- 200 emails/day for Odoo Online and Odoo.sh databases with an active subscription.
- 50 emails/day for one-app free and trial databases.
- In case of migration, the database daily limit might be reset to 50 emails a day.

If the limit is reached, the following actions can be taken:

- Ask Odoo's support team to increase the daily limit. The support team analyzes the situation of
  the database depending on the following (non-exhaustive list):

  - How many users in the database.
  - Which apps are installed.
  - The bounce rate: the percentage of email addresses that did not receive emails because they were
    returned by a mail server on its way to the final recipient. Contact `support
    <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_.

- Use an external outgoing email server to be independent of Odoo's mail limit (refer to :doc:`the
  corresponding email documentation </applications/general/email_communication/email_servers>`).
- Wait until 11 PM (UTC) for the reset, and click on the retry button: The :ref:`developer mode
  <developer-mode>` must be activated. Then, go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Technical -->

>   Emails --> Emails`

Reviewer 2: Missing period
```suggestion
  Emails --> Emails`.
```

.. warning::
   The daily limit is global to the database, and can rise quickly. By default, an internal message,
   a notification, a note, etc. counts as an email in the daily limit if it notifies someone.

This can be mitigated by receiving :ref:`notifications in Odoo
<discuss_app/notification_preferences>`, instead of emails.

> SMTP Error

Reviewer 2: Sentence case title
```suggestion
SMTP error
```

**********

It's easy to find out why an email wasn't transmitted successfully, by reviewing the Simple Mail
Transport Protocol (SMTP) error messages. :abbr:`SMTP (Simple Mail Transport Protocol)` is a
protocol to describe the email structure, and transmits it over the Internet. The error messages
generated by email services are helpful tools to diagnose and troubleshoot email problems.

.. note::
   The debug menu can be used to investigate sending issues from a database. To access the menu,
   :ref:`Developer mode <developer-mode>` must be activated. Once activated, navigate to the
   :menuselection:`Debug Menu` in the top right of the menu bar, :menuselection:`Debug Menu -->
   Manage Messages`

   The :guilabel:`Manage Messages` menu opens a list of all the messages sent in a particular
   record. Within each message there is information on sending, including what type, and subtype, of
   the message.

   Other information includes to whom the message was sent, and whether Odoo received a bounce-back
   from an email server.

> No Error

Reviewer 2: This title too :)
```suggestion
No error
```

********

Odoo is not always capable of providing information for the reason it failed. The different email
providers implement a personalized policy of bounced emails, and it is not always possible for Odoo
to interpret it correctly.

> If this a recurring problem with the same client, or the same domain, do not hesitate to contact

Reviewer 2: Missing word
```suggestion
If this is a recurring problem with the same client, or the same domain, do not hesitate to contact
```

`Odoo Support <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_ for help in finding a reason.

.. note::
   In such case, one of the most common reasons is related to :ref:`SPF
   <email_communication/spf_compliant>` and/or :ref:`DKIM <email_communication/DKIM_compliant>`
   configuration. Also, check to make sure the *mail.bounce.alias* is defined in the *system
   parameters*. Access system parameters in :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>` by navigating to
   :menuselection:`Settings App --> Technical Menu --> Parameters --> System Parameters`.

Email sent late
***************

It may happen that an email campaign is scheduled, but isn't sent on time. It's known that Odoo uses
a delayed job to send emails that are considered as "not urgent" (newsletters concept, such as: mass
mailing, marketing automation, events). The system utility **cron** can be used to schedule programs
to run automatically at predetermined intervals. Odoo uses that policy in order to avoid cluttering
the mail servers and, instead, prioritizes the communication. This **cron** is called

> :guilabel:`Mail: Email Queue Manager`, and can be accessed in :ref:`Developer mode <developer-mode>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Mail: Email Queue Manager`, and can be accessed in :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`
```

the time a :guilabel:`550: mailbox unavailable`).

Emails are not received
-----------------------

The following steps are all dependent on the Odoo platform the database is using:

- **Odoo.sh** users can find their live logs on the folder :file:`~/logs/`.

.. tip::
   The folder :file:`~/logs/` (preferably accessed by the command line) of an Odoo.sh database
   contains a list of files containing the logs of the database. The log files are created everyday
   at 5:00 AM (UTC).

   The two last days are not compressed, while the older ones are, in order to save space. The
   naming of the files for today and yesterday are respectively: :file:`odoo.log` and
   :file:`odoo.log.1`.

   For the following days, they are named with their dates, and then compressed. See the Odoo.sh
   documentation about :ref:`logs <odoosh/logs>`. Use the command :command:`grep` and
   :command:`zgrep` (for the compressed ones) to search through the files.

- **Odoo Online** users won't have access to the logs. However `Odoo Support
  <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_ can still be contacted, if there is a recurring issue with the same
  client or domain.

> Get help from support

Reviewer: This section would make more sense as an H2 heading, instead of being under "incoming emails"
```suggestion
Get help from Odoo Support
```

---------------------

In order to get helped efficiently, please provide as much information as possible. Here is a list

> of what can be helpful when reaching out to support about an issue:

Reviewer: You should link to odoo.com/help (the link to create a support ticket) at the beginning of this section as well
```suggestion
of what can be helpful when reaching out to the Odoo Support team about an issue:
```

the process on how to get EML/header files. Once the headers of the email are obtained, adding it
into the Odoo support ticket is the most efficient way for the Odoo Support team to investigate.

.. seealso::
   - `Gmail documentation
     <https://support.google.com/mail/answer/29436>`_
   - `Outlook documentation
     <https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/view-internet-message-headers-in-outlook-cd039382-dc6e-4264-ac74-c048563d212c#tab=Web>`_

The exact flow that is being followed in order to normally receive those emails in Odoo. Here are
examples of questions whose answers can be useful:

- Is this simply a reply from an email going out from Odoo?
- Is there an incoming email server being used, or is the email somehow being redirected?
- Is there an example of an email that has been correctly forwarded?

Providing answers to the following questions:

- Is it a generic issue, or is it specific to a use case? If specific to a use case, which one
  exactly?
- Is it working as expected? In case the email is sent using Odoo, the bounce email should reach the
  Odoo database, and display the :ref:`red envelope <red_envelop>`.

>   .. seealso::
>       The bounce system parameter needs to be set in the technical settings in order for the
>       database to correctly receive bounce messages. To access this setting go to
>       :menuselection:`Settings app --> Technical --> Parameters --> System Parameters`. The
>       parameter name to select is :guilabel:`mail.bounce.alias`.

Reviewer 2: Indentation and line breaks :)
```suggestion
  .. seealso::
     The bounce system parameter needs to be set in the technical settings in order for the database
     to correctly receive bounce messages. To access this setting go to :menuselection:`Settings app
     --> Technical --> Parameters --> System Parameters`. The parameter name to select is
     :guilabel:`mail.bounce.alias`.
```

The first indicator showing that an email has not been sent is the presence of a *red envelope*,
next to the date and time of the message, located in the chatter.

.. image:: faq/red-envelop.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Red envelope displayed in chatter.

Unsent emails also appear in the Odoo email queue. In :ref:`Developer mode <developer-mode>` this
can be accessed by going to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Technical Menu --> Emails --> Emails`.
Unsent emails appear in turquoise, while sent emails appear in grey.

Common error messages
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _email_communication/daily_limit_mail:

Daily limit reached
*******************

.. image:: faq/email-limit.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Warning in Odoo upon email limit reached.

Each email service provider has its own email sending limits. The limits may be daily, hourly, and
sometimes, per minute. This is the same for Odoo, which limits a customer's sending to prevent
Odoo's email servers from being blacklisted.

Here are the default limits for new databases:

- 200 emails/day for Odoo Online and Odoo.sh databases with an active subscription.

- 50 emails/day for one-app free and trial databases.

> - In case of migration, the database daily limit might be reset to 50 emails a day.

Reviewer 2: no need to extra lines between bullet points of the same level

programs to run automatically at predetermined intervals. Odoo uses that policy in order to avoid
cluttering the mail servers and, instead, prioritizes the communication. This **cron** is called
`Mail: Email Queue Manager`, and can be accessed in :ref:`Developer mode <developer-mode>` by going
to :menuselection:`Settings App --> Technical Menu --> Automation --> Scheduled Actions`.

By default, the *Mass Mailing cron* runs every 60 minutes. This can be changed to no less than 5
minutes. But, for the reasons mentioned above, this isn't recommended. Select the action
name, `Mail: Email Queue Manager,` and proceed to make any necessary adjustments.

.. image:: faq/email-scheduled-later.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Email scheduled to be sent later.

Emails that are considered urgent (communication from one person to another, such as: Sales Orders,
Invoices, Purchase Orders, etc.) are sent directly (immediately).

Incoming emails
===============

When there is an issue with incoming emails, there might not be an indication, per se, in Odoo. It
is the sending email client, who tries to contact a database, that will get a bounce-back (most of

> the time a `550: mailbox unavailable`).

Reviewer 2: This would be a message displayed on the screen, not a user input, so a :guilabel: is appropriate
```suggestion
the time a :guilabel:`550: mailbox unavailable`).
```

Emails are not received
-----------------------

The following steps are all dependent on the Odoo platform the database is using:

- **Odoo.sh** users can find their live logs on the folder :file:`~/logs/`.

.. tip::
  The folder :file:`~/logs/` (preferably accessed by the command line) of an Odoo.sh database
  contains a list of files containing the logs of the database. The log files are created everyday

>   at 5:00 AM (UTC).

Author: Actually turned out to be the bottom two paragraphs out of alignment.

  of the files for Today and Yesterday are respectively: :file:`odoo.log` and :file:`odoo.log.1`.

  For the following days, they are named with their dates, and then compressed. See the Odoo.sh
  documentation about :ref:`logs <odoosh/logs>`. Use the command ``grep`` and ``zgrep`` (for the
  compressed ones) to search through the files.

- **Odoo Online** users won't have access to the logs. However `Odoo Support
  <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_ can still be contacted, if there is a recurring issue with the same
  client or domain.

Get help from support
---------------------

In order to get helped efficiently, please provide as much information as possible. Here is a list
of what can be helpful when reaching out to support about an issue:

The **EML** (or **headers**) of the email is the file format containing all the technical
information required for an investigation. The documentation from the email provider might provide
the process on how to get EML/header files. Once the headers of the email are obtained, adding it
into the Odoo support ticket is the most efficient way for the Odoo Support team to investigate.

>   .. seealso::
>      - `Gmail documentation
>        <https://support.google.com/mail/answer/29436>`_
>      - `Outlook documentation
>        <https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/view-internet-message-headers-in-outlook-cd039382-dc6e-4264-ac74-c048563d212c#tab=Web>`_

Reviewer 2: this seealso is indented for no reason, scoot it back please 🙂 I don't think there is anything we can do about the URL being over 100 chars, @StraubCreative any ideas?

```suggestion
.. seealso::
   - `Gmail documentation
     <https://support.google.com/mail/answer/29436>`_
   - `Outlook documentation
     <https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/view-internet-message-headers-in-outlook-cd039382-dc6e-4264-ac74-c048563d212c#tab=Web>`_
```

The exact flow that is being followed in order to normally receive those emails in Odoo. Here are
examples of questions whose answers can be useful:

- Is this simply a reply from an email going out from Odoo?
- Is there an incoming email server being used, or is the email somehow being redirected?
- Is there an example of an email that has been correctly forwarded?

Providing answers to the following questions:

- Is it a generic issue, or is it specific to a use case? If specific to a use case, which one
  exactly?
- Is it working as expected? In case the email is sent using Odoo, the bounce email should reach the
  Odoo database, and display the :ref:`red envelope <red_envelop>`.

>     .. seealso::
>        The bounce system parameter needs to be set in the technical settings in order for the
>        database to correctly receive bounce messages. To access this setting go to:
>        :menuselection:`Settings app --> Technical --> Parameters --> System Parameters`. The
>        parameter name to select is `mail.bounce.alias`.

Reviewer 2: This seealso is indented too far, please scoot it back and add a :guilabel: to the element with active instruction :)
```suggestion
  .. seealso::
      The bounce system parameter needs to be set in the technical settings in order for the
      database to correctly receive bounce messages. To access this setting go to:
      :menuselection:`Settings app --> Technical --> Parameters --> System Parameters`. The
      parameter name to select is :guilabel:`mail.bounce.alias`.
```
